Add New Themed Beatmap Packs news post (#2667)
ppy/osu-wiki: news/2019-10-12-beatmap-pack-management-update-#01.md

---
layout: post

> title: Beatmap Pack Management - Update #01

Reviewer: ```suggestion
title: Beatmap Pack Management - Update #1
```

date: 2019-10-13 15:30:00 +0000
---

> Our project is called Beatmap Pack Management and while it isn't an official part yet we still put a lot of effort and time in the development of Beatmap Packs. Many of you don't even know who we are and what we are doing so I'd like to present to you, what we are:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Our project is called Beatmap Pack Management and while it isn't official yet, we still put a lot of effort and time into development of Beatmap Packs. Many of you might not even know who we are and what we are doing, so I'd like to present to you some information about us:
```

> I've created a small group of experienced users that are interested to work on handmade charts that are dedicated to a specific theme, idea, or share similarities. And so we've been actively working since July 2019 to provide new theme packs with interesting concepts of decent quality. The interest is very high and some noteworthy members of the community joined the group to help me to substantiate their ideas in this project. We already have a few things to present to you, and I am very sure you'll like them.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
I've created a small group of experienced users who are interested to work on handmade charts dedicated to a specific theme, idea, or share similarities. And so we've been actively working since July 2019 to provide new theme packs of decent quality with interesting concepts. The interest is very high and some noteworthy members of the community joined the group to help me substantiate their ideas in this project. We already have a few things to present to you, and I am sure you'll like them.
```

---
layout: post

> title: "Beatmap Pack Management: Update #1"

Reviewer 2: this title doesn't really suggest that there are new packs, it sounds like a general update about your project

I think "New Beatmap Packs Available!" would be enough ?

Author: Since the post covers new packs but also informations about ongoing things  I think an 'update' sounds more appropriate.

Reviewer 2: still doesn't feel like a good hook considering this is the first mention of Beatmap Pack Management for most of your readers. also, it doesn't have to be so structured/repeatable (in case you thought it did, idk)

- Breathing New Life into Beatmap Packs with Beatmap Pack Management
- New Beatmap Packs and New Beatmap Packers
- Introducing Beatmap Pack Management

for examples

Author: chose the last example.

date: 2019-10-13 15:30:00 +0000
---

> ![](/wiki/shared/news/banners/beatmap-packs.jpg)

Reviewer 2: above the header you can write a short paragraph that will be shown on the news listing and front page
![](https://up.clayton.cc/95a9f8.png)

strongly recommend doing that cuz every other news post in the last year or something has one

Author: Done.

---
layout: post
title: "Beatmap Pack Management: Update #1"
date: 2019-10-13 15:30:00 +0000
---

An update of the Beatmap Pack Management project, including new pack releases!

> ![](/wiki/shared/news/banners/beatmap-pack-management.jpg)

Reviewer 2: should use beatmap-packs.jpg and remove these duplicate images we've added in the branches that got merged together

Author: done.

> Our project is called Beatmap Pack Management and while it isn't official yet, we still put a lot of effort and time into development of Beatmap Packs. Many of you might not even know who we are and what we are doing, so I'd like to present to you some information about us:

Reviewer 2: what does "official" mean here?

Author: will rewrite this part a bit

I've created a small group of experienced users who are interested to work on handmade charts dedicated to a specific theme, idea, or share similarities. And so we've been actively working since July 2019 to provide new theme packs of decent quality with interesting concepts. The interest is very high and some noteworthy members of the community joined the group to help me substantiate their ideas in this project. We already have a few things to present to you, and I am sure you'll like them.

### Alternator Style packs

*created by [lain](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/1650010)*  
*written by [Stefan](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/626907)*

lain was passionated enough to work on the very first mapping-style-specific mappacks that has been released in the packlist, and focused on beatmaps where alternating is essential. He has worked on two versions, one with ranked maps and one purely with loved beatmaps. If you need maps to practice alternating or are good already and want to challenge yourself you should check these packs out!

> ### The Embodiment of Scarlet Devil. pack

Author: okay then.

### Best of 2010–2011 pack

*created by [Dada](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/9119507), [\_p0ke\_](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/5434711), [Halfslashed](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/4598899), [Uberzolik](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/1314547), and [Cynplytholowazy](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/3901754)*  
*written by [\_p0ke\_](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/5434711)*

Ever wanted to see what popular maps looked like in earlier eras of the game? Well now you can! Forged together by members of the Beatmap Pack Management team, you can check out some of the best maps that the game had to offer during 2010 and 2011 in one single pack. While there were a lot of great maps the team didn't have enough room to include, hopefully you can find something on this list that you will enjoy. Play through them all and experience a blast from the past!

> ### osu!dan project

Reviewer 2: let this be its own announcement when the time comes (and is it even related to Beatmap Pack Management beyond having packs? )

Author: It is as both projects coorperate and have similar ideas and goals, and I think it's worth mentioning them so it catches the attention of people and could participate on this project.
